a Tyrannosaurus Rex walks into a bar
orders a beer but can't reach his wallet
so the barman says what's with the short
arms and that's what we want to know -
the trouble with paleontology is that
it's just too big to comprehend that's
why scientists agree it's better to
break things down into smaller parts
unfortunately there's a paleontological
paradox that goes something like this if
something looks small and useless it's
going to be incredibly hard to study and
that's where the arms of t-rex come in
they're one of Sciences biggest is it
smallest No biggest well they're an
enigma anyway each limb was not much
longer than a human arm which means
shaking hands would be okay but you'd
need a bit of help getting up there
however the bones in their arms were
much thicker than ours and would have
had large muscles to move now each one
was capable of lifting 400 pounds a
scientific law states that muscle only
develops if it's needed to do stuff so
their arms must have been used for
something all scientists can do is
hypothesize maybe they had a sexual
function perhaps to signal their
reproductive status or were they a
device to allow the male extra purchase
during mating
or maybe they helped t-rex Klingon to
struggling prey other almost plausible
theories for t-rex arms include
nest-building
egg churning or just things that they
could write themselves with when they
fell over I like that one
I guess we'll never know and in many
ways it's more fun to list things that
are not t-rex career options here's a
few we came up with if you can think of
jobs that are totally unsuitable for a
dinosaur with tiny arms let us know in
the comments below
you